here in the best car washing detailed
category sponsored by our friends at
budget rent-a-car give it up for my girl
Kym Whitley and Chrisette Michelle it's
a whole lot of weight bearing down on
these heels these heels got a weight
limit I mess around leaning back on a
hole in your stage probably will have a
lot of breaks in my breath well you look
thank you I got that body magic oh this
is a saint's no girdle it's a weapon of
mass destruction stick muscle wrap one
of these snaps popping I'm gonna look
like a can of busted biscuits
I'm ready so Steve we've come a long way
that's one second 2001 no I'm so proud
of rashon Steve in the game when I tell
you I'd never thought that this would be
this big we started in I think it was
Los Angeles where we did one before nap
in Vegas but we was on the red carpet
was a four by four carpet I can't
believe we got curtains
it was taking somebody whose call us a
mess yes girl especially when they was
livin in it
but I guess that's what I get but they -
dude I met on Facebook
I'm desperate but whether you're
profiling in a Porsche or chicken in an
Ikea there's nothing like a fresh clean
ride absolutely
the four businesses in this category
have been voted tops at giving their
customers quality service I love it and
the 2010 boring Healey Award for Best
Car Wash detail sponsored by budget
rent-a-car goes to
yeah
Wow this is this is this is truly
amazing for us you know we have to thank
everybody has supported us over the
years I mean we started showroom shine
we were 18 years old now where the water
hose in the bucket and for us to be what
we are today and this been our third of
the award to win is you know it is
nothing is nothing less than the power
of God working through us you know and
we just want to thank him for using us
to influence so many people to shoot for
their dreams you know as young
entrepreneurs we advocate for seeing
successful young people and other and I
want nothing more than examples of when
you ambitiously pursue your passion
nothing can stop you for being great
thank you
Oh
that's positive reinforcement I bet